Patir 3 (#11988)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/kahet/kahet missions.txt

event "patir mystery 2 timer"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 14"
	name "Back in action"
	description "Now that the situation in <waypoints> is again under control, return there to gather additional data for prefect Chilia. Return to <destination> after."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	waypoint "Patir"
	to offer
		random < 60
		has "event: patir mystery 2 timer"
		has "event: remnant: tubfalet appearance"
	on offer
		event "ssil vida changes"
		conversation
			`Although its architecture still feels wildly alien, time has helped you become familiar with the way <planet>'s main starport is organized. By now, therefore, it's not difficult for you to notice when something changes. Some are subtler than others - it wasn't long ago that additional barriers were placed between the rows of landing pads, much to your displeasure.`

> 			`	Passing the arch that conducts into the northern shipyards reveals a curious sight. A group of hangars that until now were marked as off limits are now open, and packed of crowds of construction workers are walking in and out of the area. Among the crowd, pairs of camels tow sections of Remnant spacecrafts of all kinds; you step aside to let a convoy pass with some of the longest wings you ever had a chance to see.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Passing the arch that connects to the northern shipyards reveals a curious sight. A group of hangars that until now were marked as off limits are now open, and crowds of construction workers are walking in and out of the area. Among the crowd, pairs of camels tow sections of Remnant spacecraft of all kinds; you step aside to let a convoy pass with some of the longest wings you have ever seen.`
```

	description "Bring a group of Remnant scientists to the <destination>, together with the Petrel you have been given, exactly on <date>."
	deadline 6
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	passengers 5
	cargo "Patir surface payload" 9
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 19: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`After asking for directions to a few locals, you meet up with Dusk again. In the background, you see a half-open Petrel suspended by some wires a few meters above the ground. "<first>, were you able to prepare the Jump-capable carrier I mentioned the last time?" Dusk asks. "And is it nearby?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, it is."`
					goto good
				`	"Sorry, but I do not own one."`
					goto broke
				`	"No, it's in another system."`
			`	"It is best to bring it here then," he asserts. "I will be here when you are ready."`
				defer
			label broke
			`	"It is imperative we use one, <first>," he signs disappointed. "I can request for us to be assigned one, but taking Jump Drive equipped vehicles is not a quick process for someone at my level. Certainly more time intensive than if you were able to give one to us," he concludes with a low tone.`

> 				defer

Author: I thought about it, but I was not sure if it was worth the complications

				goto skip
			label risk
			`	He seems dubious. "Answering this question is... more complicated than it looks. We are not certain of how the Ka'het gained keystones the first time, nor how many of them were able to do so. We know that it is a possibility, that the Ka'het as whole are likely stronger than our fleets, and that no Ka'het has moved past the Graveyard since the Exodus. The truth, <first>, is that risk posturing is a very complex subject; for that matter, the same can be said with our mission.`
			label danger
			`	He passes his hand over the hull of Calm Sea Afire, thoughtful. "Only time will tell, but I stand by the decisions we have made. A standard Smew is simple to repair and to keep in storage, but not too useful outside of the Ember Wastes. A large, jump-capable starship is complicated to keep in flight-status for months at a time, not to mention the maintenance needs of a cloaking system. And worse of all, it might not even be of much use if Patir was not in the Milky Way when the emergency happens!"`
			label skip

> 			`	The buzz of Dusk's commlink draws his attention. He smiles, and his tone changes almost instantly. "Ssil Vida is ready to cut the signal. Once they do so, it will take six days for this to reach Patir; at that point, it will instantly disappear, possibly to move into the same cluster we visited the last time. You, I, and four of our researchers must be there when this happens." He rights up and clears his throat. "Captain," he sings boastfully, "shall I give the order?"`

Author: Removed

			choice
				`	"Do it."`

> 			`	He types on his commlink, and a minute passes. When the commlink buzzes again, Dusk makes an uncharacteristic cheer and quickly bids farewell to the people in the hangar. While he gathers a group of people, presumably the researchers that will follow you in the expedition, one of the spaceport workers takes a small crystal out of the now-assembled Petrel and hands it to you. "The Calm Sea Afire is in your hands, Captain," she signs thereafter. "Treat her well."`

Reviewer: ah, right

			`	The sequence you have now seen twice repeats at the reverse: most of the show now sees the number of stars grow continuously, spinning or moving erratically left and right. In the last few seconds most of those lights condense into a shrinking mass of light, until it appears to have become just another star. Still, you can confidently say that you can see far more stars around you than before Patir started moving.`
			`	The show is already starting to become less enchanting than the first times. It was a blessing that you were able to experience it alone at least once, before the questions turns into frustration: you can sense it is happening, to an extent, in some of the Remnant. But soon enough, the fruitful return of their lifeboat puts an end to your thoughts. Now that you are back in the Milky Way, it's time to pack things up in the Remnant laboratory and make the trip back to the Ember Wastes.`
				accept
	npc save
		government "Remnant"
		personality escort staying launching
		ship "Petrel (Lifeboat)" "Calm Sea Afire"
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`You precede the Petrel to the outpost, and stand next to your ship watching it make a fairly decent landing right next to the facility. Despite the imprecision, a tunnel grows out of the habitat and toward the ship's hatch, locking the two of them together. When you enter the laboratory, the three Remnant is giving a rundown of their results to the other two, and vice versa. Both groups seem satisfied, though you feel the pair who stayed in the hab is more than the other three.`

Reviewer: alright, but the are -> is change is still necessary
```suggestion
			`You precede the Petrel to the outpost, and stand next to your ship watching it make a fairly decent landing right next to the facility. Despite the imprecision, a tunnel grows out of the habitat and toward the ship's hatch, locking the two of them together. When you enter the laboratory, the three Remnant are giving a rundown of their results to the other two, and vice versa. Both groups seem satisfied, though you feel the pair who stayed in the hab are more so than the other three.`
```

			choice
				`	"Alright, I will try."`
					goto enter
				`	"Alone? What should I do if I have an issue?"`
					goto alone
				`	"What if you have an emergency and need to leave quickly?"`
			`	He smiles. "I appreciate your concerns, <first>. You could wait until we have entered the station before going on with your work; I can assure you that after that, it will take longer for us to return here than it will for you. Well," he corrects himself, "I realize that does not sound very reassuring, but it was more to say that it matters little where your ship stays while are deep inside the station."`
				goto enter
			label alone
			`	He smiles. "We will remain in radio contact for the entire time, if we can. Plus, we have seen first hand the experience you have gained lately. It would be foolish of us not to make use of your expertise when we can."`
			label enter

> 			`	You watch the Remnant move to the aft end, where a circular half-open hatch seems to be waiting for their arrival; however, as they all come together to try pulling it open, it does not want to move. "There is something very strange with the mechanism," notes one of the researchers on the radio. "Somehow, it seems to be attached to the wall by three pieces of solid metal, rather than with hinges."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You watch the Remnant move to the aft end, where a circular half-open hatch seems to be waiting for their arrival; however, as they all come together to try pulling it open, it does not move. "There is something very strange with the mechanism," notes one of the researchers on the radio. "Somehow, it seems to be attached to the wall by three pieces of solid metal, rather than with hinges."`
```

			`	"We will have to use a little more brute force here to move inside the complex," states Dusk calmly. "The only way for us to get through is by melting the attachments of this hatch. If you are ready, feel free to get going: it is going to take us the better part of an hour."`
			choice
				`	"I prefer to wait until you are inside."`
					goto inside
				`	(Go on your own mission.)`
					goto fly
				`	"I bet I could shoot it away from here much quicker."`
			`	"That is really not the way to go!" he replies alarmed. "It would be just as likely to be ineffective as it would to compromise the structure of the station." Some seconds of silence pass. "If you want really to help, just shine the lights on your ship around us at low power."`
				goto fly
			label inside

> 			`	The flash of their blowtorches is small from your distance, but you quickly discovers it becomes fairly irritating over time. As Dusk promised, a little over half an hour after they arrived you see them tossing the hatch away from the door, and one by one they disappear in the darkness of the structure.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The flash of their blowtorches is small from your distance, but you quickly discover that it becomes irritating over time. As Dusk promised, a little over half an hour after they arrived you see them tossing the hatch away from the door, and one by one they disappear in the darkness of the structure.`
```

			choice
				`	(Try to follow it with your ship to take a better look.)`
				`	(Go on with the list while the Snipe is working.)`
					goto list
			`	It was hard to make estimates from afar, but as you come closer you quickly find the <ship> is far too large to pass through. Still, what you can see is quite unusual. Shining a light through the large, mostly open hatch shows you an intricate canvas, attached between various carvings, composed of a series of points in a line with every color of the rainbow. While the lines are near the bottom of the mural, above them all shines what looks like a red sun, sending rays of light down to each of the colorful dots and surrounding them all in a crimson halo.`
			`	A glance at the scanners you have reveals that each part is made of a different metal, smoother and more refined than the walls around it. Curious, you take a photograph and send the data to the Remnant while you continue going through the assignments. After flying over an unusual variety of constructions with your scanners and some more Snipes, you finally reach the barrel that composes the core of this structure.`
				goto barrel

			label list

> 			`	You take your ship over an unusual variety of constructions, scanning each as best as you can and releasing another pair of Snipes. When you have a break, however, you take a look through the feed from the first one. Searching through its photographs shows you a series of carvings, most of which unintelligible to you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You take your ship over an unusual variety of constructions, scanning each as best as you can and releasing another pair of Snipes. When you have a break, however, you take a look through the feed from the first one. Searching through its photographs shows you a series of carvings, most of which are unintelligible to you.`
```

			`	Eventually, however, you stumble upon you an intricate canvas, composed of a series of points in a line with every color of the rainbow. While the lines are near the bottom of the mural, above them all shines what looks like a red sun, sending rays of light down to each of the colorful dots and surrounding them all in a crimson halo. A glance at the other feeds you have reveals that each part is made of a different metal, smoother and more refined than the walls around it. Curious, you mark it for later attention just as you reach the barrel that composes the core of this structure.`
			label barrel
			`	Looking through the empty spots in the structure, you notice some movement near the bottom: the Remnant are over there, waving as you fly upside down a hundred meters above them. "Nice flying there, Captain. If you have gotten here already, I gather your tasks must be going fairly well!"`
			choice

> 				`	"I have sent you my findings earlier. What about yours?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I sent you my findings earlier. What about yours?"`
```

			`	Soon enough, the Remnant start the trip back to the hangar, and you follow. At last, a rose light catches your eye, flying at high speed out of the hangar and disappearing behind the station. You are taken aback when you find that, somehow, the entrance hatch is back in place! As far as you can tell, there appears to be no sign of the cuts made by the Remnant to pass through, nor of any soldering to attach it back. A quick call to the Remnant reveals nothing else, except for how they seem to be as startled as you are.`
			choice
				`	(Wait for them to arrive.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Try to follow the rose light.)`
					goto light
				`	(Exit your ship to come closer to the hatch.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Blow it up with your ship's weapons, so as to accelerate their exit.)`

> 			`	A couple shots in quick succession are enough for the hatch to fly clear of the corridor, tumbling at random in the zero gravity of the station. The Remnant appear from behind the hatch right after: they must have been already at the exit when you fired. Still, soon enough all of them come out of the still-vibrating tunnel safely, taking leaps toward your ship. While they do not look too happy at your decision, none of them tries to complain either.`

Author: Added a branch ending with `Once aboard, they make it very clear that you should not go against their orders next time.`

				accept
			
			label light

> 			`	You push your throttle to the end, and your engines shout a loud roar as you leap toward your target. You follow it all around the station, almost to the point of catching up with it; however, it makes an impossible turn into a hole of the station, leaving you empty handed. Left with no option but to hope the Remnant can exit on their own, you come back to the hatch, where the flash of their blowtorches has now cut through a quarter of the door. It takes far longer than you wish for, but eventually, the passage comes clear, and the Remnant come out one by one.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You push your throttle to the end, and your engines shout a loud roar as you leap toward your target. You follow it all around the station, almost to the point of catching up with it; however, it makes an impossible turn into a hole of the station, leaving you empty handed. Left with no option but to hope the Remnant can exit on their own, you come back to the hatch, where the flash of their blowtorches has now cut through a quarter of the door. It takes far longer than you would like, but eventually, the passage becomes clear, and the Remnant exit one by one.`
```

	on complete
		event "Patir Lathia landable"
		conversation
			`By the time your ship has been safed, the Remnant have unloaded many of the instruments they have used on this trip. "It would be a waste to bring them back home after all the effort to launch them here," they explain as you join them. "Once these are connected to our grid, they will use all of the available power and then some. We will have to take turns, at least until we bring some additional power stations." While they finish the setup, you take the chance to cover the machines with some regolith to help them conserve their heat in the night of the asteroid. You almost trip on one of their cables: with the recent trips, the exterior of the laboratory is quickly becoming as messy as its interior.`
			scene "scene/lab scene2"
			`	Sitting around the table in the outpost, and sharing a hot drink, the discussions continue. "By our calculations, Patir should be moving back to the Milky Way within the next few hours. For our part, we will be ready to depart by next morning and conclude our expedition."`
			choice
				`	"What did you discover about Chanai?"`
				`	"What about our findings aboard the station?"`

> 			`	They share a pensive look to each other before replying. "Based on the various, contradictory, and - apparently - sometimes nonsensical things we have discovered, we have developed a theory. Based on the point of view, one could describe it both as simple and as incredibly complex."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	They share a pensive look  before replying. "Based on the various, contradictory, and sometimes nonsensical things we have discovered, we have developed a theory. Based on the point of view, one could describe it both as simple and as incredibly complex."`
```

```suggestion
			`	They share a pensive look  before replying. "Based on the various, contradictory, and - apparently - nonsensical things we have discovered, we have developed a theory. Based on the point of view, one could describe it both as simple and as incredibly complex."`
```

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 27"
	name "Another asteroid"
	description "Board the remains of the asteroid in <origin> before the Ka'sei get to it, then take what you find to <destination>."
	source "Builder Settlement"
	destination "Caelian"
	passengers 5
	cargo "scientific payload and samples" 55
	to offer
		or
			has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 26A: done"
			has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 26B: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The Remnant walk to your ship - late, as you are becoming accustomed to - with an excited stride. "One of those creatures was in the system when Patir moved back! We have recorded it as it turned inactive, floating aimlessly around the system. If you are quick enough, perhaps we can get to board it before the Ka'sei mine it. We can afford to make a stop before our return to <planet> - after all, Patir is not moving away any time soon."`
			`	He shows you a map of the system, marking the asteroid in a color blinking red and white. Two Fetri'sei are already on the way: you push the engines at the maximum power, hoping to make it in time...`
				launch
	npc board
		government "Magic Asteroid (Disabled)"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Asteroid Young 2" "???"

> 		personality derelict waiting

Author: `dialog "You stare at the enormous rock, still emitting a low hue all around it. Doing their best with the equipment on hand, the Remnant quickly mark a number of sections inside the asteroid for you to loot. Your computer tells you that they are respectively 20, 29 and 31 tons each."`

	npc
		government "Ka'sei"
		personality waiting staying vindictive mining harvests
		system "Patir"
		fleet
			names "ka'sei"
			cargo 0
			variant
				"Fetri'sei" 2
	on visit
		dialog "You've arrived at <planet>, but either your passengers, your cargo, or the outfits taken from the asteroid remains are not with you!"
	on complete
		outfit "Asteroid Anti-Missile 2" -1
		outfit "Asteroid Weapon Small" -1

> 		outfit "Asteroid Jump Drive" -1

Reviewer: oh, looks like you're right
~~I should really check these things before suggesting~~

		conversation

> 			`Before you are ready to enter the final descent, a communication from Chilia offers you new coordinates for your cargo. You pilot your ship to the new location in the middle of the desert - much alike the one you had first met him in, you discover - and land your ship in the only landing pad you can see. As if trying to maintain a great secrecy, groups of Remnant come marching out of the hangar, cover your cargo as best as they can with reflective, metallic-looking sheets, and silently take it away down an unmarked tunnel.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Before you are ready to enter the final descent, a communication from Chilia gives you new coordinates for your cargo. You pilot your ship to the new location in the middle of the desert - much alike the one you had first met him in - and land your ship on the only landing pad you can see. As if trying to maintain a great secrecy, groups of Remnant come marching out of the hangar, cover your cargo as best as they can with reflective, metallic-looking sheets, and silently take it away down an unmarked tunnel.`
```

			`	As the sun sets over the mountain ranges in the distance, Dusk signs you to return to the main starport, so that they can unload their own experiments and get back to work. "As you might imagine, it is time for another project debriefing. Independently from how it goes, we will be in the closest cafeteria tomorrow morning; if you pass by, we will make sure to give you an update," he concludes slightly ominous.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 28"
	name "Tanker fleet"
	description "Escort the Swan fleet to <destination> for fit checks."
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Ssil Vida"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 27: done"
	on offer
		payment 850000
		conversation
			`You find Dusk alone, sipping from a short, colorful glass lost in his thoughts. "<first>, the review is going to take a while still. Given the wealth of data we have gathered, and that most of the crew by necessity does not have a symbiont, we have agreed to split the analysis over a few days. A week, perhaps." He looks at his clock, then checks his communicator for any message. "Do not worry, though: I am not going to leave you without work during this wait."`
			choice

> 				`	"What in particular?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"What in particular would you like me to do?"`
```

					goto someone
				`	"Are you waiting for someone?"`
					goto someone
				`	"Actually, I would have other commitments right now."`
			`	He looks surprised, though he soon tries to hide it. "Oh. Is there any chance you might delay them? We have a fairly important at work here, and you have been precious during all of our past expeditions." He makes some mental calculations. "You might be free in a little over a month, going by our plans."`
			choice
				`	"Alright, they can wait."`
					goto someone
				`	"Sorry, but I cannot delay them any longer."`
			`	"Alright then," he replies disappointed. "We will be here when you have time for us again, if you do not take too long."`

> 				defer

Reviewer: This could set an event that will fail the mission chain if the player takes too long.

Author: Mmmm, I feel like that runs the risk of forcing the player to abort it if they go too far away and don't have a save close enough to it

			label someone

> 			`	Your conversation is interrupted by Taely's arrival. She returns a gesture of greeting with one hand, carrying her communicator the other. "Our fleet is ready. We need some more time to carry them to the pad, but as far as we are concerned there are no blockers of any kind." She signs to follow them to the hangar, and you hurry up to keep the pace with her and Dusk.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Your conversation is interrupted by Taely's arrival. She returns a gesture of greeting with one hand, carrying her communicator in the other. "Our fleet is ready. We need some more time to carry them to the pad, but as far as we are concerned there are no blockers of any kind." She signs to follow her to the hangar, and you hurry up to keep pace with her and Dusk.`
```

			choice
				`	"What is their name?"`
					goto name
				`	"How did you make them this quickly?"`
					goto alive
				`	"Are they alive?"`
					goto alive
				`	"They look beautiful."`
			`	"I like them more for what they represent," she replies. "The history of the Swan is old, and fairly complicated. They were about ready to enter production over a decade ago; however, the design exercise was not able to make a reasonable use case for them, and they had to stay in a limbo for all this time, watching newer and more innovative designs come out of the lines once conceived for them. Their style is considered fairly retro by now, and these first builds are heavier than we would like to. But to me, these equate an end of an era for our shipyards." She looks at them nostalgic. "Chances are that the Swan will be the last cleans sheet design we produce not to be a liveship. At least, not a complete one."`
				goto continue
			label alive

> 			`	"Their design predates liveships, though we have added some of their system. In fact, chances are that the Swan will be the last cleans sheet design we produce not to be a one." She looks at them nostalgic. "The history of the Swan is old, and fairly complicated. They were about ready to enter production over a decade ago; however, the design exercise was not able to make a reasonable use case for them, and they had to stay in a limbo for all this time, watching newer and more innovative designs come out of the lines once conceived for them. Their style is considered fairly retro by now, and these first builds are heavier than we would like to. But to me, these equate an end of an era for our shipyards."`

Author: Strangely enough, in the other stories they are only referred to as liveship in the Remnant missions, and "living ship" only appears in the name of a branch (never in text). Corrected the rest

			choice
				`	"Alright, I am ready."`
				`	"What about the next expedition?"`
			`	"I am going to stay here to help the preparations for Patir," comments Dusk. "Our next trip, if the assigned prefects authorize it, will be the both first long endurance stay and the first complete expedition: five of our crew in the laboratory analyzing the Builder settlement or their surroundings, and five in your ship exploring the space beyond Patir in-situ.`
			`	"Still, we took the chance to repay you for your expenses, and to help you prepare for the future. You should find <payment> in your account shortly." You reply to his bow, and he disappears in the crowd.`
			`	"I will take his bunk on your ship, if it is fine for you," adds Taely. "Make sure to escort them closely to <planet>: they may be armed, but this is the first true flight their crews make in those Swans."`
				accept
	npc save
		government "Remnant"
		ship "Swan" "Sharp Song Spoken"
		personality escort unconstrained launching
	npc save
		government "Remnant"
		ship "Swan" "Dark Dream Discovering"
		personality escort unconstrained launching
	npc save
		government "Remnant"
		ship "Swan" "Ancient Anchor Ascending"

> 		personality escort unconstrained launching

Author: I forgot I could do that

			`	She looks at them with admiration. "The work on them has been remarkably smooth, but it has spent so many years in my folders - and it took so much of my time recently - that I cannot help but have mixed feelings watching them fly away."`
			choice
				`	"It is natural to feel that way."`
					goto natural
				`	"What about the work on the Peregrine?"`
			`	She smiles amused. "I sense a practical purpose behind your question. Unfortunately, progress has not been as fast as we hoped for: liveships are still a very new concept for us, and to get production and training to the rates we wanted is proving complex. It will be at least a few months before you find them in our shipyards, I fear. Our security needs have to take precedence, but I will make sure to notify you as soon as they are available."`
			label natural
			`	By the time you have accompanied Taely to her workstation, the Swans are barely another star in the sky. "It will be just a matter of hours before the Swans are on the way back here. It should not be hard to meet up in the local starport hub once I am done: after all, it is still quite small."`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 29"
	name "Korath Beyond"

> 	description "Find the Korath ship in the Postverta cluster (with Ssil Vida active) and destroy them to prevent them from making further damage."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Find the Korath ships in the Postverta cluster (with Ssil Vida active) and destroy them so that they do not cause further damage."
```

			`	A quiver down your spine suggest you that Ssil Vida has activated again, filling Postverta with beings of all kinds. She hands you the crystal, small and sharp. "We have loaded here the information we have on it, as well as a program to record what your ship sees during the encounter. Given the location, we want to understand as much as we can about any damage they might have caused." She stops, as if preparing to leave; however, she has a change of mind.`
			`	"Our Swans have not been designed for front line combat, but rather to fill a support role. Staying in Ssil Vida, however, will eventually subject them to direct attacks - Korath, or perhaps worse. What do you think about taking one with you to test its combat prowess?"`
			choice
				`	"I would be happy to."`
					accept
				`	"They are large, and unwieldy. I do not want them to get in the way."`
			`	She looks at you with some frustration. "Given their speed, it will not take much effort for you to overtake them to the target, if you wish to do so. I would rather let it get some combat experience, but the choice is yours."`

> 				accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	She looks at you with some frustration. "Given their speed, it will not take much effort for you to overtake them to the target, if you wish to do so. I would rather let them get some combat experience, but the choice is yours."`
				accept
```

	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic bounty hunting on visit"
	npc save
		government "Remnant"
		ship "Swan" "Sharp Song Spoken"

> 		personality escort unconstrained launching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		personality escort launching unconstrained
```

		
# this is where I would put my crew damage weapon...
# If I had one!

	on complete
		payment 350000
		conversation
			`The data Taely gave you included information on who to deliver the crystal with the data recorded. Thanks to Ssil Vida's limited population, it only takes you a few minute to identify her: based on your vague memories, she was likely one of the researchers you helped transport here.`
			`	"We appreciate your support, Captain. Postverta is for us almost a look into this region of space before it turned into the Ember Waste; we must do everything we can to keep it as pristine as it is now." While she disappears into a hallway with the crystal, a notification appears on your communicator of a deposit of <payment> under the caption "Korath Bounty." With it, a message: Taely will meet you in the local starport.`

ship "'olofez" "'olofez (Crew Destroyed)"
	"uncapturable"
	add attributes
		"bunks" -1

ship "Tubfalet" "Tubfalet (Crew Destroyed)"
	add attributes

> 		"bunks" -120

Author: TIL. No, I chose to leave it capturable despite the damage, so that the player can use it but must mount new bunks to meet the minimum crew requirements

			`	"But how could such a species build something like this?" you ask in response.`
			`	"If you want to know the specific mechanism, I have no way of knowing. But I can tell you that when a civilization is nearing its end, much of the logic you and I work with no longer applies: the strangest plans are put into motion, almost always with terrible results, but occasionally with more interesting endings.`
			label leave
			`	"That being said, we should get going. The Swans may stay here, but I need a ride to <planet>'s shipyards to get back to my work."`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 30 - Postverta fleet"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Aventine"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 30: done"
	to complete
		never
	npc
		government "Remnant (Postverta)"
		system "Postverta"
		ship "Swan" "Sharp Song Spoken"
		personality mining harvests plunders
	npc
		government "Remnant (Postverta)"
		system "Postverta"
		ship "Swan" "Dark Dream Discovering"
		personality mining harvests plunders
	npc
		government "Remnant (Postverta)"
		system "Postverta"
		ship "Swan" "Ancient Anchor Ascending"

> 		personality mining harvests plunders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	npc
		government "Remnant (Postverta)"
		system "Postverta"
		ship "Swan" "Ancient Anchor Ascending"
		ship "Swan" "Dark Dream Discovering"
		ship "Swan" "Sharp Song Spoken"
		personality harvests mining plunders staying
```

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 31"
	landing
	name "Patir preparations"
	description "Return to <destination> to meet up with Dusk in the local shipyard."
	source "Aventine"
	destination "Caelian"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 30: done"
	on offer
		event "remnant: inhibitor turret available" 6
		conversation

> 			`Taely has been hard at work on your your ship during the past day, assembling a contraption with a few spare parts roughly the size of a punch. At last, she connects it with your console, and a stone atop it lights up in a bright blue color. "Given your continued involvement in the exploration of Patir, I imagined it would be useful for you to know Patir's state whenever you need. Thanks to the stations mounted in Patir and the telemetry sent by Ssil Vida - both of which your ship already receives - all I needed was to put them together: this crystal will shine blue if Patir is stable in the Milky Way, yellow if it is about to leave it, and red if it is no longer here."`

Author: Turns out punch and fist are not synonyms!

			label end
			`	"We do not get a chance for a proper first contact often - most of our exploration of the galaxy has been strictly from orbit, far from any living being and safely hidden behind an active cloak. Given the circumstances, I was able to convince the Prefects of the tremendous potential such an encounter could have, if it were to go as we hope." He smiles. "And I trust that you are going to do everything in your power to make it so, just like us."`
			`	"I want to remind you to have everything you need on hand before we begin the expedition: once Ssil Vida has been started, and until we are back in the Milky Way, we are not going to have even a day or two to waste. Give us a call when you are ready, Captain, and you will find us all here - a crew of 5 for the Lathia mission, and 5 more staying in Patir - together with the mission payload. "`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32"
	name "Logistics of a first contact"

> 	description "Accompany the Remnant team to <system> exactly on <date>. Together with them will come <cargo> tons of cargo and 6 Terns."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Accompany the Remnant team to <system> exactly on <date>. Together with them will come <cargo> and 6 Terns."
```
`<cargo>` replaces to `<tons> of <commodity>`

			choice
				`	"It makes for a nice light show."`
				`	"It is like watching a strange dance, with each star knowing its exact role."`
				`	"Not too unlike a hyperjump, I guess."`
				`	"When it happens, you cannot help but stare at it until it is over."`
			`	She smiles. "May the Embers bring you fortune, Captain." With the Terns now in your control, you join the rest of the crew and prepare for liftoff. You glance over the cockpit board: as Taely promised, the crystal she gave you has turned into a dim yellow, eerily shining over the controls all around it.`
				accept
	on accept
		event "Patir moves" 6
		event "Patir returns" 20
		give ship "Tern" "Great Sky Dancing"
			id 23032001
		give ship "Tern" "Low Sky Dancing"
			id 23032002
		give ship "Tern" "Dusky Sky Dancing"
			id 23032003
		give ship "Tern" "Far Sky Dancing"
			id 23032004
		give ship "Tern" "Late Sky Dancing"
			id 23032005
		give ship "Tern" "Wide Sky Dancing"
			id 23032006
	on visit

> 		dialog "You've arrived at <planet>, but either your passengers, your cargo or the six Terns are not with you!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog "You've arrived at <planet>, but either your passengers, your cargo, or the six Terns are not with you!"
```

			"require outfits"
			"with outfits"
		take ship "Tern" "Far Sky Dancing"
			id 23032004
			"require outfits"
			"with outfits"
		take ship "Tern" "Late Sky Dancing"
			id 23032005
			"require outfits"
			"with outfits"
		take ship "Tern" "Wide Sky Dancing"
			id 23032006
			"require outfits"
			"with outfits"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32 - Patir fleet"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Builder Settlement"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32: done"
	to complete
		never
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Great Sky Dancing"
		personality mining harvests plunders swarming
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Low Sky Dancing"
		personality mining harvests plunders swarming
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Dusky Sky Dancing"
		personality mining harvests plunders swarming
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Far Sky Dancing"
		personality mining harvests plunders swarming
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Late Sky Dancing"
		personality mining harvests plunders swarming
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Wide Sky Dancing"

> 		personality mining harvests plunders swarming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Dusky Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Far Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Great Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Late Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Low Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Wide Sky Dancing"
		personality harvests mining plunders swarming
```

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 33"
	landing
	name "First contact"
	description "Conduct a first contact with the largest asteroid in <planet> by landing on its surface exactly on <date>."
	deadline 6
	source "Builder Settlement"
	destination "Magic Asteroid Planet"
	passengers 5
	cargo "scientific payload" 110
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`Once you have close out the landing, you hand the controls of the Terns back to the Remnant. You watch them cheerfully separate from their carrier and leap toward an unknown destination, most of which in a different direction: evidently, their mission must have already begun. The researchers immediately begin unloading the surface payloads from your ship, using the help of a couple of the Terns to carry the more massive loads.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Once you have closed out the landing, you hand the controls of the Terns back to the Remnant. You watch them cheerfully separate from their carrier and leap toward an unknown destination in a different direction: evidently, their mission has already begun. The researchers immediately begin unloading the surface payloads from your ship, using the help of a couple of the Terns to carry the more massive loads.`
```

> 			`	While the new members of the crew stand at the windows to watch the light show, you sit with Dusk at the table. "We have tested our equipment for the flight on the way here, and most of them work perfectly. A couple instruments have proven strangely unresponsive, but they are all minor; if they start working again during the trip all the better, but we do not have time for a repair, let alone replace them. That is to say," he concludes emphatically, "if you are ready to go, so are we."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	While the new members of the crew stand at the windows to watch the light show, you sit with Dusk at the table. "We have tested our equipment for the flight on the way here, and most of them work perfectly. A couple instruments have proven strangely unresponsive, but they are all minor; if they start working again during the trip all the better, but we do not have time to repair, let alone replace them. That is to say," he concludes emphatically, "if you are ready to go, so are we."`
```

			choice
				`	"Okay, done."`
					goto done
				`	"My cloak is already off."`
				`	"Actually, I do not have a cloak at all."`
			`	"Oh!" He looks fairly surprised. "Sorry, force of habit. We consider it best practice to keep the entire fleet cloaked when possible."`
			label done
			`	Tapping on his own console, he connects to your ship's dishes and starts transmitting. Glancing over his screen, you see that he is trying to communicate through every frequency they have available a preloaded transmission, rapidly switching from a program to the next one. The sequence comes to an end, but no reply comes out of the asteroid.`
			`	"<first>, we have another step we can try. It might look a bit crude, but if you point me to the controls of <ship>'s lights I can show you." You lift up a panel from the wall on the back of the cockpit, and quickly locate the main switch. With his eyes locked on a clock atop his console, Dusk starts flicking on and off the lights inside and outside your ship at a precise cadence: 2 seconds, 3 seconds, 5 seconds, 7 seconds, 11 seconds...`

> 			`	Over the next five minutes, he completes a sequence of every prime number up to 47 with a good accuracy. Yet still, the planetoid does not show any perceivable reaction. "Very well then, Captain. It is time to land on that asteroid."`

Reviewer: Maybe he should try the Fibonacci sequence as well?

	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		conversation
			`Even from afar, the glow emitted from the asteroid has started to become apparent, tinting the entire cockpit purple. You turn off your engines in an orbit a few tens of kilometers away from the surface and move to the living quarters to call the rest of the crew.`
			`	You find them all already up and working, some of them preparing the EVA equipment and others reviewing their data pads. You make a quick gesture toward Dusk, who returns the greeting. "So the time has come, finally. Are you excited?"`
			choice
				`	"Of course."`
					goto continue

> 				`	"I prefer 'Uneasy'."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I prefer 'uneasy'."`
```

			label continue
			`	"We are going to do this in steps; first a close fly-around to decide on a landing site, followed by the landing phase and finally the surface expedition. If, and only if, no showstopper comes up, we will walk over the surface in our suits." Pointing toward the asteroid, he continues. "We have discovered that the object's gravity is unusually high for its size. There must be something very dense beneath all the regolith. For all intents and purposes, walking over its surface should be akin to walking on a large moon."`
			`	With a few instruments in his hands, Dusk follows you back to the cockpit to prepare for the flyby. With a few short burns from the secondary propulsion system you start progressively lowering your orbit: first to ten kilometers, then to one, and finally passing less than two hundred meters over the surface. Next to you, Dusk points toward one of the rings that surround the planetoid. "Try to stay away from those, <first>. I am detecting high levels of beta radiation emanating from them - survivable, but it should be avoided if possible. Based on these readings, the surface seems to be safe at least."`

> 			`	While the terrain is fairly constant in height, the soil is interrupted by thin veins of a striking pink crystal that create a labyrinth reaching over the whole asteroid. Over the night side, when the pink glow becomes the only source of light, the contrast between the two is harsh enough to force you to look away more than once during the flight.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	While the terrain is fairly constant in height, the soil is interrupted by thin veins of a striking pink crystal that creates a labyrinth reaching over the whole asteroid. Over the night side, when the pink glow becomes the only source of light, the contrast between the two is harsh enough to force you to look away more than once during the flight.`
```

> 			`	As the second loop around the asteroid comes to an end, a tap on the shoulder diverts you from your thoughts. "I believe this should have given us enough data for our purposes. We have passed over a number of acceptable landing sites by now, and the rest of the surface does not seem to have much of interest over the land we have already seen. If you are ready, so are we."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	As the second loop around the asteroid comes to an end, a tap on your shoulder diverts you from your thoughts. "I believe this should have given us enough data for our purposes. We have passed over a number of acceptable landing sites by now, and the rest of the surface does not seem to have much of interest over the land we have already seen. If you are ready, so are we."`
```

			choice
				`	"Alright then, give me the coordinates."`
					goto landing
				`	"I would rather fly over the whole surface before making a choice."`
			`	Dusk signs in acceptance and returns to his console. As the hours pass, you notice a few changes in the terrain, but subtle: in the deeper parts of terrain you see that the pink crystals become of a slightly redder tint, while the tone gets closer to purple in the few peaks you encounter during the flyby. Finally, Dusk informs you that they have selected the ideal landing site based on the new data you have gathered and that they are again ready for the next phase.`
			`	By the time you are halfway to the target coordinates, however, something catches your eye on the night side of the surface. The darkness makes it hard to distinguish anything, but something seems to be moving down there!`
			choice
				`	(Continue the descent.)`
					goto landing
				`	(Abort the landing.)`
					goto abort
				`	"I think I saw something below us."`

> 			`	At Dusk's request, you cut the engines and shine the ship's lights toward the terrain under you. You spend a quarter an hour trying to figure it out, comparing it with the scans taken previously; and yet, nothing you find seems to be out of place. "Perhaps it was just a reflection," he gestures, somewhat apprehensively, "or perhaps it was not. Either way, I doubt we will achieve much continuing to fly in circles. If you are sure of what you saw, returning to orbit would be most reasonable. What do you say?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	At Dusk's request, you cut the engines and shine the ship's lights toward the terrain under you. You spend a quarter an hour trying to figure it out, comparing it with the scans taken previously, but nothing you find seems to be out of place. "Perhaps it was just a reflection," Dusk gestures, somewhat apprehensively, "or perhaps it was not. Either way, I doubt we will achieve much continuing to fly in circles. If you are sure of what you saw, returning to orbit would be most reasonable. What do you say?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Let's continue."`
					goto landing
				`	"I am sure. Abort the descent."`
			label abort
			`	You begin your retreat immediately, a short burn from the thrusters pushing you toward an escape trajectory. But only a few seconds later, a large rippling wave passes through the surface in front of you, throwing dust in all directions. A second, third, and then more waves follow, growing in size and intensity. A quick evasive maneuver lets you avoid most of the debris, but the crests continue to grow faster than you can retreat. You make a final attempt to turn the ship around and fly away, but it's too late. The impact is strong enough to throw you to the floor, and now the entire ship is engulfed by the rock stream.`
			`	As if under the control of an external force, the regolith cloud wraps around your ship and holds it firmly, exerting an extreme pressure against the hull. Based on the loud creaks coming from the whole vehicle, it will not take long for it to be crushed.`
			choice
				`	(Take cover.)`
					goto cover
				`	(Burn the engines at maximum power to try to break free.)`
				`	(Shoot with all your weapons.)`

> 					goto weapons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	(Shoot with all your weapons.)`
					goto weapons
					to display
						"armament deterrence" > 0
```

			`	Not without great difficulty, you eventually overcome the vibrations enough to stand up and reach the top of the console. Turning up the throttle has no result, however: within the chaos, you distinguish the words 'engines obstructed' just before another impact throws you back to the floor.`
				goto cover
			label weapons
			`	Not without great difficulty, you eventually overcome the vibrations enough to stand up and reach the top of the console. All for nothing, however: within the chaos, you distinguish the words 'weapons disabled' before another impact throws you back to the floor.`
			label cover
			`	You quickly move under the console, crawling on the floor as fast as you can. Just as you close your helmet shut you hear the sirens starting to play, and the ship's lights turn orange: the hull has been breached. And then, a moment later, the vibrations stop in unison.`

> 			`	You try to contact the rest of the crew, but the communicator stays silent. Dusk has donned his suit and taken cover on the other side of the cockpit. Between with the orange emergency lights, you notice a different shade of red shining over the whole room from above the console. With a quick movement, you make a leap away from your cover and get up to look at the source. A cloud of tiny, incredibly bright red particles is floating in the middle of the cockpit, slowly drifting toward the two of you.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You try to contact the rest of the crew, but the communicator stays silent. Dusk has donned his suit and taken cover on the other side of the cockpit. Between the orange emergency lights, you notice a different shade of red shining over the whole room from above the console. With a quick movement, you make a leap away from your cover and get up to look at the source. A cloud of tiny, incredibly bright red particles is floating in the middle of the cockpit, slowly drifting toward the two of you.`
```

				goto arrived
			label still
			`	Dusk rushes toward the door, but it refuses to open; something on the other side must be blocking it. The glow emitted by the dust grows in strength as it gets closer to you, eventually forcing you to look away. As Dusk starts trying to kick down the door with little result, the red light is now barely a meter away.`
			label arrived
			`	The cloud reaches you and Dusk at the same time, clinging to the surface of your suit and forcing you back slightly. You try to brush it off, but you soon discover that it is blocking your joints, leaving you completely locked in place. A thump slams you below your neck as the dust tries to break into your suit; there is nothing you can do to stop it.`
			`	Three more thumps follow; at the fourth you feel a strong impact hitting your torso, and a shiver spreads all over your body.`
			`	The suit breach alarm goes off, and everything goes black.`

> 				accept

Reviewer: After everything goes black, the mission ends and the player is on the asteroid. Did you mean this to be a `die` endpoint?
```suggestion
				die
```

				goto arrival
			label bothering
			`	"Maybe. I find the thought interesting: that something so large, so old, and so inscrutable would be annoyed by our simple presence. It is such a foreign psychology to us, and so peculiar."`
				goto arrival
			label nahhhh
			`	"Maybe. Or maybe it was annoyed by our simple presence, for what we can tell. I find the thought interesting: that something so large, so old, and so inscrutable would put such an effort into putting us away, essentially unharmed. It is such a foreign psychology to us, and so peculiar."`
			label arrival
			`	Minutes later, the other Remnant arrive with the replacement suits. The group eventually leaves your ship all together, still discussing the events that just unfolded.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 35"
	name "End of the voyage"
	description "Return to <destination> with the Remnant and their scientific payload."
	source "Builder Settlement"
	destination "Caelian"
	passengers 10
	cargo "scientific payload" 130
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 34: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`The pilgrimage of the Remnant and their payloads toward your ship takes the better part of an hour, again helped by the Tern flock. "We are a fair bit lighter than we thought we would be, given that we have next to no sample from the planetoid." Dusk has taken seat in the cockpit, watching out of the window as the last few payloads climb atop the ramp. In the horizon, the sea of Iridium shines just at the right angle to hit your eyes.`

Author: From the first Patir chain:
`As you get closer, it becomes clear that this is the storage of iridium that Dusk was talking about: an enormous solidified lake of the reflective metal extending for kilometers in every direction inside a gigantic hole the Ka'sei have dug in the terrain.`

			`	"One of those creatures was again in Patir when it moved. Again it turned motionless, and is now orbiting over us with the appearance of doing nothing at all. It would be best if you could board it and use the leftover space in the cargo bay to plunder what you can reach, much like last time."`
			choice
				`	"Is it not a sapient being?"`
				`	"I do not think I want to harvest the organs of a living creature, if that is what they are."`
					goto living
				`	"It will not be a problem."`
					accept
			`	"Maybe. There was certainly some reason behind its actions, but not that much: when we were in the cockpit, it was clearly clueless as to what to do with it. I would go as far as saying that it did not understand the difference between a switch and a counter, given how it was continuously flipping them open and closed." He looks inquisitive. "They are fascinating creatures, but why the question?"`
			choice
				`	"There is a difference between plundering a ship and someone's body."`
				`	"I do not want to repeat the same mistakes the Remnant had made with the Void Sprites."`
					goto living
				`	"I was just curious, we can depart."`
					accept

> 			`	"We are not grave robbers, though the lines can get blurred sometimes. However, recovering more of that technology could help tremendously our understanding of it. We cannot say for certain that it is dead, for that matter; perhaps it is simply in some sort of hibernation."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"We are not grave robbers, though the lines can get blurred sometimes. However, recovering more of that technology could tremendously help our understanding of it. We cannot say for certain that it is dead, for that matter; perhaps it is simply in some sort of hibernation."`
```

				goto duh
	npc
		government "Magic Asteroid (Disabled)"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Asteroid Medium" "???"
		personality derelict waiting
	npc
		government "Ka'sei"
		personality waiting staying vindictive mining harvests
		system "Patir"
		fleet
			names "ka'sei"
			cargo 1
			variant
				"Fetri'sei" 2
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		log `Visited the space beyond Patir a few of times together with the Remnant. They are now going to let me go in and out of it on my own.`
		log `It is not clear what the creatures in that space are, what their purpose is, or how intelligent they are.`
		conversation
			`You don't have time to say goodbye to the crew before a couple Remnant take you into another part of the starport, barely a meter below the ground. You spend the next hours recounting to your best abilities everything you have seen, pausing only for a few bathroom breaks and a quick meal. As time goes on, you notice they seem displeased with the lack of details you are able to give; when they eventually let you out, you can't help but feel they are not satisfied by your testimony.`

> 			`	By the time you return the team has disappeared again. Only Dusk has stayed. "I just wanted to say goodbye, <first>. Despite the hiccups along the way - and, in a way, thank to them - we have now a safe outpost to house our crews, as well as our own instruments. Soon, all kinds of people are going to want to use it for their purposes, and they deserve to do so; from here on, my own research is going to compete with them all for time in the laboratory."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	By the time you return the team has disappeared again. Only Dusk has stayed. "I just wanted to say goodbye, <first>. Despite the hiccups along the way - and, in a way, thanks to them - we have now a safe outpost to house our crews, as well as our own instruments. Soon, all kinds of people are going to want to use it for their purposes, and they deserve to do so; from here on, my own research is going to compete with them all for time in the laboratory."`
```

			label bow
			`	You copy his bow in farewell. Right as you get back in your ship, however, you find an unread message from Chilia: he asks you to pay him a visit in the starport cafeteria, so as to celebrate your 'current status'.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 36"
	name "The far site"
	description "Return to <destination> with the Remnant and their scientific payload."
	source "Caelian"
	waypoint "Equus"
	cargo "localizer and decryption equipment" 5
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 35: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`"...a seat, <first>!" In the busy cafeteria, you finally see Chilia and Torza, gesturing to recall your attention. "We are endlessly impressed by the number of times your name keeps coming up in our records," the latter states. "If it is our trust that you are trying to gain, you are doing a tremendous job at it."`
			choice
				`	"I was just doing my job."`
				`	"I just try to help."`
				`	"It was not a problem."`
					goto chilia
			`	They smile. "And we want you to keep doing it."`
			label chilia

> 			`	Chilia takes the word. "<first>, you must be familiar with the concept of light-delayed observations. A telescope located a light-year away from its target will see it as it was a year earlier, rather than how it is now." You nod. "A simple enough concept, used even hundreds of years ago by humanity to see how space evolved over time. With it, comes the concept of stellar lensing - observing the same space through the distortion of another star, which, by the nature of taking a longer path, will allow you to see a bit earlier in time.`

Reviewer: I don't think "takes the word" is a phrase that works grammatically
```suggestion
			`	Chilia starts. "<first>, you must be familiar with the concept of light-delayed observations. A telescope located a light-year away from its target will see it as it was a year earlier, rather than how it is now." You nod. "A simple enough concept, used even hundreds of years ago by humanity to see how space evolved over time. With it, comes the concept of stellar lensing - observing the same space through the distortion of another star, which, by the nature of taking a longer path, will allow you to see a bit earlier in time.`
```

			label ship
			`	Eventually, you walk back to your ship under the night sky. On it, you find a rather crude machine masked by a standard container: reading through the notes, you discover that it is a decryption machine, built to locate and communicate with the hidden outpost.`
				accept
	on enter Equus
		dialog "The analog screen of the decryption machine points you toward the gas giant Methuselah nearby. On the screen, the neon outline of a small cloaked outpost appears in front of you: behind it, a tiny and just as invisible ship of unknown design scoops up and down the gas giant in a mesmerizing pattern. You activate the data transfer, and a progress bar fills to completion over the next few minutes."
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		event "patir mystery 3 timer" 20
		conversation
			`Once again Chilia's coordinates point you toward a half-hidden outpost in middle of the desert. While the local crew unloads the machinery, you catch a glimpse of the floor below: dozens of workers wearing special suits, quickly moving what looks like one of the parts of the creatures beyond Patir.`

> 			`	This time, however, nobody tries to stop you. The opposite, in fact: when they recognize you, the workers accompany you on a hour-long tour of the structure. Walking down the floors, you pass through a dozen different rooms, half of which dedicated to studying - and testing - the parts of the asteroid you have recovered. Giant, eerie machines immersed into strange fogs, with only a few meters and a strongly-vibrating layer of glass separating you from them.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	This time, however, nobody tries to stop you. The opposite, in fact: when they recognize you, the workers accompany you on an hour-long tour of the structure. Walking down the floors, you pass through a dozen different rooms, half of which are dedicated to studying - and testing - the parts of the asteroid that you have recovered. Giant, eerie machines immersed into strange fogs, with only a few meters and a strongly-vibrating layer of glass separating you from them.`
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need to use hyphen for "strongly vibrating"

			`	"We believe that one of those beings was in Patir when you returned back in the Milky Way. As you know, we have a satellite around the black hole, but we have been unable to contact it since your return. If you board it and take its data, it might tell us more."`
			choice
				`	"Alright then."`
					goto go
				`	"How do you know it will not disappear while I am there?"`
			`	"We have conducted a wide variety of tests during this period," he boasts. "We have established a relation between Ssil Vida's signal and Patir's behavior, to an extent. At the moment, we are sending a continuous signal out of the station. Once the signal stops the time it takes for Patir to disappear varies, but we are reasonably certain that for as long as it continues Patir will stay there - it is just a one-day mission, after all. And even in the very worst case, this time we have the knowledge and the tools to bring you back rapidly."`
			choice

> 				`	"Alright, I am convinced."`

Reviewer 3: Same here.
```suggestion
				`	"Alright, I'm convinced."`
```

				`	"Sorry, but I cannot return there after what happened last time."`
					decline
			label go
			`	"I would come with you if I could," he signs with trepidation, "but I am required here at the moment, and it is a task that can be easily done by a single person. Follow the procedure Dusk showed you, and you will be done in no time."`
				accept
	npc assist save
		system "Patir"
		government "Remnant"
		personality derelict target pacifist mute
		ship "Remnant Satellite" "Bright Ember Yonder"
		dialog `The satellite floats into your payload bay, and after a quick checkout you download its data. It only takes a few minutes before you can release it once again.`
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic waypoint on visit"
	on complete
		conversation

> 			`You meet with Chilia in front of the landing pad. "Thank you for the help," he chants as you hand him the data. "If you are interested in continuing the Patir research project, meet me in the starport in a few hours - I might have good news for you."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You meet with Chilia in front of the landing pad. "Thank you for the help," he chants as you hand him the data. "If you are interested in continuing the Patir research project, meet me in the spaceport in a few hours - I might have good news for you."`
```

			`	"Ah, Captain. We feel confident enough in our results to move on with the next phase. We are readying a team aboard <planet> for an initial expedition, with a relatively simple mission: reactivating our outpost next to the Builder settlement."`
			choice
				`	"What about the data I gave you?"`
					goto data
				`	"Is there nobody here on <origin> that could do the same?"`
			`	He gives you an odd look. "Not with the same training. We found that much of the preparations for <planet> were easily applicable to Patir as well, which allowed us to prepare for it fairly quickly. And plus," he continues authoritatively, "it would be good practice for you to see the machines that will make your future expeditions possible directly, so as to gain more confidence in them.`
				goto details
			label data
			`	"The analysis of the data is still ongoing - we know that it appeared not long before Patir moved, and disappeared shortly after, but figuring out what happened in between is proving to be more complicated than expected. Still, we should know more soon enough, and there is no reason for it to block our progress.`
			label details

> 			`	"Make sure to leave space for a team of three when you get there. This expedition will just use the resources that you left around Patir when you left, so there should be no need to use your cargo hold this time."`

Reviewer 3: Reducing repetition.
```suggestion
			`	"Make sure to leave space for a team of three when you get there. This expedition will just use the resources that you left around Patir when you were last there, so there should be no need to use your cargo hold this time."`
```

			`	Before you can think much of it, however, a short message from Chilia reaches your commlink. It instructs you to urgently meet him with the other three Remnant at a specific location on <planet>, and to come with a free bunk and at least 65 tons free in your cargo: the plans, apparently, have changed.`
				accept
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 17"
	landing
	name "Return to <system>"
	description "Bring the three Remnant archaeologists and Prefect Chilia to <destination>, together with the new equipment."
	blocked "You start to follow Chilia's directions, but you soon realize you won't have enough space: you need <tons> of cargo and <bunks> bunks."
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	passengers 4
	cargo "Ka'het intimidation mechanism and reserved space" 65
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 16: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You overfly <origin>'s starport and stay at a high altitude; based on the coordinates Chilia gave you, the flight is far from over. As minutes pass, the city transforms into more and more sparse buildings deep in the desert, with barely visible roads in the sands connecting each. The more distant of these are organized in a circular fashion: a central building, of a sand-like okra similar to some outposts in the Rim, and rings of buildings of a more alien-like Remnant design surrounding it.`

Author: ```suggestion
			`You overfly <origin>'s starport and stay at a high altitude; based on the coordinates Chilia gave you, the flight is far from over. As minutes pass, the city transforms into more and more sparse buildings deep in the desert, with barely visible roads in the sands connecting each. The more distant of these are organized in a circular fashion: a central building, of a sand-like ochre similar to some outposts in the Rim, and rings of buildings of a more alien-like Remnant design surrounding it.`
```

				accept
	on visit
		dialog "You've arrived at <planet>, but either your passengers, your cargo, or the outfits taken from the asteroid remains are not with you!"
	on complete
		payment 500000
		outfit "Asteroid Jump Drive (Patir 18)" -1
		outfit "Asteroid Weapon Small" -1
		conversation
			`The first to leave your ship are the three researchers, who make you various gestures of farewell as they disappear into the starport. Chilia hangs around for a while longer, but after your cargo gets unloaded, still hidden inside standard packages, he signs that it is time for him to leave as well.`
			`	"As you might have figured out, our next objective is to study these items and their technology in depth, hoping to reverse engineer them or, at least, figure out their inner workings." You offer to give him a hand, but he shakes his head. "Your help has been inestimable, but you cannot follow me where these, and I, are going. You have seen for yourself how complicated maintaining proper secrecy around this project is proving to be."`
			choice
				`	"Is there nothing I can do then?"`
					goto patir
				`	"I understand."`
					goto patir
				`	"I was hoping to keep those for myself."`

> 			`	He grins. "Do not feel too conflicted, activating these outfits is going to be more complicated than connecting some wires and pressing a button. Even if I have just begun studying them. I have a hard time believing you - or anyone, for that matter - could get them to fire easily.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	He grins. "Do not feel too conflicted. Activating these outfits is going to be more complicated than connecting some wires and pressing a button. Even if I have just begun studying them. I have a hard time believing you - or anyone, for that matter - could get them to fire easily.`
```

			label patir

> 			`	"Still, it should not take you too long to get the authorizations for this project, if you continue like this," he gestures pleased. "It has come to my attention that even right now there are other projects about Patir that desire your participation. During our return, I have informed Dusk that you are free from your obligations with my research; if you would like to meet him, he should be here shortly." He bows, and you return it as he follows the cargo deeper into the starport. You catch the opportunity to clean up the cockpit and the empty bunks. Some Remnant nearby soon notice you taking out the trash, and offer you a hand.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Still, it should not take you too long to get the authorizations for this project, if you continue like this," he gestures with a pleased look on his face. "It has come to my attention that even right now there are other projects about Patir that desire your participation. During our return, I have informed Dusk that you are free from your obligations with my research; if you would like to meet him, he should be here shortly." He bows, and you return it as he follows the cargo deeper into the starport. You catch the opportunity to clean up the cockpit and the empty bunks. Some Remnant nearby soon notice you taking out the trash, and offer you a hand.`
```

			`	"Given our progress, we now feel ready for a new expedition. At first a short, single-day one, to test our systems in a practical scenario. If all goes well, after that we will be able to progressively increase our stay to any length of time," he asserts. You follow him out of your ship as he prepares to leave. "Before we can start, I need you to prepare a ship capable of carrying a fighter, and to outfit it with one of your Jump Drives. One of our Ibises should more than suffice, if you do not have one already.`
			`	"We will be fairly time-limited once we depart, so feel free to wait until you are ready for the mission before you search for me in this planet's starport. It is more important to do things right than to do them quickly," he concludes stoically.`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 20"
	name "Explore <system> again"
	description "Bring a group of Remnant scientists to the <destination>, together with the Petrel you have been given, exactly on <date>."
	deadline 6
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	passengers 5
	cargo "Patir surface payload" 9
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 19: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`After asking for directions to a few locals, you meet up with Dusk again. In the background, you see a half-open Petrel suspended by some wires a few meters above the ground. "<first>, were you able to prepare the jump-capable carrier I mentioned the last time?" Dusk asks. "And is it nearby?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`After asking for directions to a few locals, you meet up with Dusk again. In the background, you see a half-open Petrel suspended by some wires a few meters above the ground. "<first>, were you able to prepare the jump-capable carrier I mentioned last time?" Dusk asks. "And is it nearby?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Yes, it is."`
					goto good
				`	"Sorry, but I do not own one."`
					goto broke
				`	"No, it's in another system."`
			`	"It is best to bring it here then," he asserts. "I will be here when you are ready."`
				defer
			label broke

> 			`	"It is imperative we use one, <first>," he signs disappointed. "I can request for us to be assigned one, but taking Jump Drive equipped vehicles is not a quick process for someone at my level. Certainly more time intensive than if you were able to give one to us," he concludes with a low tone.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"It is imperative we use one, <first>," he signs, disappointed. "I can request for us to be assigned one, but taking Jump Drive-equipped vehicles is not a quick process for someone at my level. Certainly more time intensive than if you were able to give one to us," he concludes with a low tone.`
```

				defer
			label good

> 			`	"Very well then!" he signs excited, and you follow him in the direction of the Petrel. Once you come closer, you recognize that the technicians are completing outfit installations of all sorts, from additional bunks to a Korath reactor of the smaller kind. "This is going to be the cargo you need to carry to our destination: a lifeboat to escape from our laboratory around Patir, if there will ever be a need.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Very well then!" he signs excitedly, and you follow him in the direction of the Petrel. Once you come closer, you recognize that the technicians are completing outfit installations of all sorts, from additional bunks to a Korath reactor of the smaller kind. "This is going to be the cargo you need to carry to our destination: a lifeboat to escape from our laboratory around Patir, if there will ever be a need.`
```

			`	The Remnant have scattered their own machines all around your ship while you were busy piloting. Every one of your windows has at least one contraption mounted in front of it, often with some tape keeping it in place, all of which are now buzzing cheerfully and scanning the spectacle happening above them. You stop next to one of the Remnant of the crew, busy looking into a three-barrel telescope. You don't recognize him as someone who was in either of your past expeditions, however.`
				goto lab
			label land
			`	When you get close to the outpost, one of the Remnant takes a seat next to you. At her suggestion, you keep your ship at a consistent altitude for a minute more to give them a better view of the ongoing spectacle. You don't recognize her as someone who was in either of your past expeditions, however.`
			label lab
			`	The show soon comes to an end, and you bring the ship down into the makeshift pad next to the Remnant laboratory. It takes a couple hours to deploy the dozens of experiments you have carried here onto the surface; you help the Remnant connect them to some of their radioisotope cells, much smaller than the generators you are used to.`

> 			`	"Our stay in this galaxy will not last more than a few hours more," signs one of the Remnant once back inside the habitat. The six of you, sitting around the main table, are sharing a quick meal after the effort. "We should get going if we want to complete the whole schedule."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Our stay in this galaxy will not last more than a few hours," signs one of the Remnant once back inside the habitat. The six of you, sitting around the main table, are sharing a quick meal after the effort. "We should get going if we want to complete the whole schedule."`
```

			choice
				`	"What is this room?"`
					goto place
				`	"It does not sound that amusing right now."`
				`	(Put all your efforts in bringing them to the lift.)`
					goto lift
			`	Your reply makes him grin briefly. "We really ought to bring some trailers with us the next time. Perhaps even a camel, or three..."`
				goto lift
			label place
			`	"Just a telecommunication center," replies Dusk. "Pristine, much like the rest of the settlement, and for us mainly of interest for its electronics - as well as for being an open, spacious room where we could amass our equipment." You look around the room in search of any identifiable feature. Besides pavement-mounted screens and sets of clearly recognizable speakers, both on top and at the bottom of the room's walls - each at least twice as tall as the ones in the first floor - you cannot see anything that could give information on the Builders' appearance.`
			label lift

> 			`	After much hard work and a short break, the mass of containers sits atop the lift. Four Remnant climb with the equipment back to the surface in order to unload it. Dusk, instead, waits with you at the bottom of the lift, ready to intervene if it were to malfunction while carrying such a heavy mass.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	After much hard work and a short break, the mass of containers sits atop the lift. Four Remnant climb with the equipment back to the surface in order to unload it. Dusk instead waits with you at the bottom of the lift, ready to intervene if it were to malfunction while carrying such a heavy mass.`
```

			`	"Our first target will be the station in Chanai. This will be what we defined as a Medium Endurance trip - a week-long stay in the space beyond Patir, enough to reach the lower cluster but not to make a full tour of it before Ssil Vida's signal reaches Patir again and brings it back. The Long Endurance trips will be what allows us to reach Lathia again, hopefully a couple months from now.`
			`	"I need to know if you have a fleet that can carry a 135 ton payload to Patir stationed on this very planet. If you do, I will call Postverta to send the signal and begin the countdown; if you do not, we can wait for a couple days for you to gather it here before we start. As you have seen, we do not have the time to stop anywhere if we want to be in Patir when it moves away."`
			choice
				`	"I do."`
					accept
				`	"It will be here within a few days."`
			`	He nods. "We will wait then. When you are ready, you know where to find us."`
				decline
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on accept
		event "Patir moves" 6
		event "Patir returns" 13

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 24B"
	name "Beyond <system> again"

> 	description "Return to <system> again with the same research team, this time with the intention of exploring the systems that it can access. Be there exactly on <date>."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description "Return to <system> again with the same research team, this time with the intention of exploring neighboring systems. Be there exactly on <date>."
```

	deadline 6
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	passengers 5
	cargo "scientific payload" 135
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 24A: declined"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You find the five Remnant waiting for you at the edge of the starport, noticeably showing their trepidation. "Welcome back, <first>. Is your fleet ready for our new Patir trip now?"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You find the five Remnant waiting for you at the edge of the spaceport, noticeably showing their trepidation. "Welcome back, <first>. Is your fleet ready for our new Patir trip now?"`
```

			`	The walk to plants ends up being shorter than you imagined, no doubt thanks to the routes found by the Snipes. Without wasting time, Dusk sticks the five tips of a scanner inside its crimson-colored trunk. "Iron oxide!" he exclaims enthusiastically once the results come in. "Just as we suspected!"`
			choice
				`	"What?"`
				`	"How can a plant be made of iron oxide?"`
			`	"I am willing to bend our knowledge of plant workings, given everything else we have seen," he replies, half-serious. "It certainly does not seem to be alive now, however. And as far as I can tell," he glances inside the holes, "it does not have any of the stele necessary for such a plant to function."`
			`	"It could be a fake plant," you suggest.`
			`	"It might. But look at the top: has overgrown for the size of this room, and its branches had to bend against the roof. A peculiar stylistic choice, if that is what it is."`

> 			`	His eyes light up, as if he just made a new connection. "There is another peculiarity we have discovered in our data back home. Do you remember the propellant sphere we passed around inside the tanks? The one that could not be deuterium, as hyperspace fuel is liquid in a vacuum?" You nod. "I wanted to wait before we had some sort of explanation, but what based on our analysis, the only reading that comes anywhere close is none other than liquid deuterium." He grins. "In other words, a fake sphere of hyperspace fuel."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	His eyes light up, as if he just made a new connection. "There is another peculiarity we have discovered in our data back home. Do you remember the propellant sphere we passed around inside the tanks? The one that could not be deuterium, as hyperspace fuel is liquid in a vacuum?" You nod. "I wanted to wait before we had some sort of explanation, but based on our analysis, the only reading that comes anywhere close is none other than liquid deuterium." He grins. "In other words, a fake sphere of hyperspace fuel."`
```

			choice
				`	(Try to follow it with your ship to take a better look.)`
				`	(Go on with the list while the Snipe is working.)`
					goto list
			`	It was hard to make estimates from afar, but as you come closer you quickly find the <ship> is far too large to pass through. Still, what you can see is quite unusual. Shining a light through the large, mostly open hatch shows you an intricate canvas, attached between various carvings, composed of a series of points in a line with every color of the rainbow. While the lines are near the bottom of the mural, above them all shines what looks like a red sun, sending rays of light down to each of the colorful dots and surrounding them all in a crimson halo.`
			`	A glance at the scanners you have reveals that each part is made of a different metal, smoother and more refined than the walls around it. Curious, you take a photograph and send the data to the Remnant while you continue going through the assignments. After flying over an unusual variety of constructions with your scanners and some more Snipes, you finally reach the barrel that composes the core of this structure.`
				goto barrel

			label list

> 			`	You take your ship over an unusual variety of constructions, scanning each as best as you can and releasing another pair of Snipes. When you have a break, however, you take a look through the feed from the first one. Searching through its photographs shows you a series of carvings, most of which are unintelligible to you.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You take your ship over an unusual variety of constructions, scanning each as best as you can and releasing another pair of Snipes. When you have a break, however, you take a look through the feed from the first pair you released. Searching through its photographs shows you a series of carvings, most of which are unintelligible to you.`
```

			`	He takes note. "For our part, I have to say that most what we have seen was, for a lack of a better word... nonsensical. Doors that cannot be physically opened, screens not connected with anything, lights without any cabling or electronic. In some cases, one might even say they were fake. But this place, at least, seems truly special." Though from high up he does not look much bigger than an ant, you see him walking around the room, gesturing toward the barrel.`
				goto size
			label place
			`	"The room you see us in is, most likely, part of the exhaust chamber of this station's laser system. It is impossible to say for certain what its purpose was - hopefully, it was not purely a military system." Though from high up he does not look much bigger than an ant, you see him walking around the room, gesturing toward the barrel.`
			label size
			`	The sheer size of the frame is rather impressive: as you walk toward it, you measure it to be over a kilometer and a half from one side to the opposite. At the very end, an enormous lens is attached to the last ring of the barrel; four holes near its center give it a slight resemblance to a cloth button.`

> 			`	"You know, <first>," he explains in an excited rhythm, "we have found some engravings nearby that tell an interesting story. As far as we could tell, in all of them this barrel is pointed right at the center of this system, toward what looks to be a star. Perhaps this laser was used to accelerate the reactions inside of it, making it burn brighter even at the cost of dying sooner; it would not be the first species to attempt something so destructive. But surviving a supernova with no damage is almost inconceivable to me."`

Author: That's fair, I'll think of something

			`	Soon enough, the Remnant start the trip back to the hangar, and you follow. At last, a rose light catches your eye, flying at high speed out of the hangar and disappearing behind the station. You are taken aback when you find that, somehow, the entrance hatch is back in place! As far as you can tell, there appears to be no sign of the cuts made by the Remnant to pass through, nor of any soldering to attach it back. A quick call to the Remnant reveals nothing else, except for how they seem to be as startled as you are.`
			choice
				`	(Wait for them to arrive.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Try to follow the rose light.)`
					goto light
				`	(Exit your ship to come closer to the hatch.)`
					goto wait
				`	(Blow it up with your ship's weapons, so as to accelerate their exit.)`
			branch "blown up"
				has "remnant: want to fire on Chanai"

> 			`	A couple shots in quick succession are enough for the hatch to fly clear of the corridor, tumbling at random in the zero gravity of the station. The Remnant appear from behind the hatch right after: they must have been already at the exit when you fired. Still, soon enough all of them come out of the still-vibrating tunnel safely, taking leaps toward your ship. While they do not look too happy at your decision, none of them tries to complain either.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	A couple shots in quick succession are enough for the hatch to fly clear of the corridor, tumbling at random in the zero gravity of the station. The Remnant appear from behind the hatch right after: they must have already been at the exit when you fired. Despite this, all of them come out of the still-vibrating tunnel safely, taking leaps toward your ship. While they do not look too happy at your decision, none of them try to complain either.`
```

				accept

			label "blown up"

> 			`	A couple shots in quick succession are enough for the hatch to fly clear of the corridor, tumbling at random in the zero gravity of the station. The Remnant appear from behind the hatch right after: they must have been already at the exit when you fired. Still, soon enough all of them come out of the still-vibrating tunnel safely, taking leaps toward your ship. Once aboard, they make it very clear that you should not go against their orders next time.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	A couple shots in quick succession are enough for the hatch to fly clear of the corridor, tumbling at random in the zero gravity of the station. The Remnant appear from behind the hatch right after: they must have already been at the exit when you fired. Despite this, all of them come out of the still-vibrating tunnel safely, taking leaps toward your ship. Once aboard, they make it very clear that you should not go against their orders next time.`
```

	npc
		government "Ka'sei"
		personality harvests mining staying vindictive waiting
		system "Patir"
		fleet
			names "ka'sei"
			cargo 0
			variant
				"Fetri'sei" 2
	on visit
		dialog "You've arrived at <planet>, but either your passengers, your cargo, or the outfits taken from the asteroid remains are not with you!"
	on complete
		outfit "Asteroid Anti-Missile 2" -1
		outfit "Asteroid Weapon Small" -1
		outfit "Asteroid Jump Drive" -1
		conversation
			`Before you are ready to enter the final descent, a communication from Chilia gives you new coordinates for your cargo. You pilot your ship to the new location in the middle of the desert - much alike the one you had first met him in - and land your ship on the only landing pad you can see. As if trying to maintain a great secrecy, groups of Remnant come marching out of the hangar, cover your cargo as best as they can with reflective, metallic-looking sheets, and silently take it away down an unmarked tunnel.`

> 			`	As the sun sets over the mountain ranges in the distance, Dusk signs you to return to the main starport, so that they can unload their own experiments and get back to work. "As you might imagine, it is time for another project debriefing. Independently from how it goes, we will be in the closest cafeteria tomorrow morning; if you pass by, we will make sure to give you an update," he concludes ominously.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	As the sun sets over the mountain ranges in the distance, Dusk signs you to return to the main spaceport, so that they can unload their own experiments and get back to work. "As you might imagine, it is time for another project debriefing. Independently from how it goes, we will be in the closest cafeteria tomorrow morning; if you pass by, we will make sure to give you an update," he concludes ominously.`
```

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 28"
	name "Tanker fleet"
	description "Escort the Swan fleet to <destination> for fit checks."
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Ssil Vida"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 27: done"
	on offer
		payment 850000
		conversation
			`You find Dusk alone, sipping from a short, colorful glass, lost in his thoughts. "<first>, the review is going to take a while still. Given the wealth of data we have gathered, and that most of the crew by necessity do not have symbionts, we have agreed to split the analysis over a few days. A week, perhaps." He looks at his clock, then checks his communicator for any message. "Do not worry, though: I am not going to leave you without work during this wait."`
			choice
				`	"What in particular would you like me to do?"`
					goto someone
				`	"Are you waiting for someone?"`
					goto someone
				`	"Actually, I have other commitments right now."`

> 			`	He looks surprised, though he tries to hide it. "Oh. Is there any chance you might delay them? We have a fairly important at work here, and you have been precious during all of our past expeditions." He makes some mental calculations. "You might be free in a little over a month, going by our plans."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	He looks surprised, though he tries to hide it. "Oh. Is there any chance you might delay them? We have a fairly important job here, and you have been precious during all of our past expeditions." He makes some mental calculations. "You might be free in a little over a month, going by our plans."`
```

			choice
				`	"What is their name?"`
					goto name
				`	"How did you make them this quickly?"`
					goto alive
				`	"Are they alive?"`
					goto alive
				`	"They look beautiful."`
			`	"I like them more for what they represent," she replies. "The history of the Swan is old, and fairly complicated. They were about ready to enter production several decades ago; however, the design exercise was not able to make a reasonable use case for them, and they had to stay in a limbo for all this time, watching newer and more innovative designs come out of the lines once conceived for them. Their style is considered fairly retro by now, and these first builds are heavier than we would like them to be. But to me, these equate an end of an era for our shipyards." She looks at them nostalgically. "Chances are that the Swan will be the last design we do not produce as a liveship. At least, not a complete one."`
				goto continue
			label alive

> 			`	"Their design predates liveships, though we have added some of their systems. In fact, chances are that the Swan will be the last design we produce not to be alive." She looks at them nostalgically. "The history of the Swan is old, and fairly complicated. They were about ready to enter production several decade ago; however, the design exercise was not able to make a reasonable use case for them, and they had to stay in a limbo for all this time, watching newer and more innovative designs come out of the lines once conceived for them. Their style is considered fairly retro by now, and these first builds are heavier than we would like to. But to me, these equate an end of an era for our shipyards."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Their design predates liveships, though we have added some of their systems. In fact, chances are that the Swan will be the last design we produce not to be alive." She looks at them nostalgically. "The history of the Swan is old, and fairly complicated. They were about ready to enter production several decades ago; however, the design exercise was not able to make a reasonable use case for them, and they had to stay in a limbo for all this time, watching newer and more innovative designs come out of the lines once conceived for them. Their style is considered fairly retro by now, and these first builds are heavier than we would like to. But to me, these equate an end of an era for our shipyards."`
```

			`	She looks at them with admiration. "The work on them has been remarkably smooth, but it has spent so many years in my folders - and it took so much of my time recently - that I cannot help but have mixed feelings watching them fly away."`
			choice
				`	"It is natural to feel that way."`
					goto natural
				`	"What about the work on the Peregrine?"`
			`	She smiles. "I sense a practical purpose behind your question. Unfortunately, progress has not been as fast as we hoped for: liveships are still a very new concept for us, and to get production and training to the rates we wanted is proving complex. It will be at least a few months before you find them in our shipyards, I fear. Our security needs have to take precedence, but I will make sure to notify you as soon as they are available."`
			label natural

> 			`	By the time you have accompanied Taely to her workstation, the Swans are barely another star in the sky. "It will be just a matter of hours before the Swans are on the way back here. It should not be hard to meet up in the local starport hub once I am done: after all, it is still quite small."`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	By the time you have accompanied Taely to her workstation, the Swans are barely another star in the sky. "It will be just a matter of hours before the Swans are on the way back here. It should not be hard to meet up in the local spaceport hub once I am done: after all, it is still quite small."`
```

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 29"
	name "Korath Beyond"
	description "Find the Korath ships in the Postverta cluster (with Ssil Vida active) and destroy them so that they do not cause further damage."
	source "Ssil Vida"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 28: done"
	on offer
		event "remnant: ssil vida activation"
		set "remnant: tubfalet hunt"
		conversation

> 			`Taely comes looking for you shortly after the Swans have docked with Ssil Vida, with a fast step and crystal in her hand. "Captain, another task for you has just come up. I have been informed that the Korath raid we met on the way here had been ongoing for a few days - in fact, since just before Ssil Vida activated its special systems. During the trouble of moving between the two realities, it appears that a ship in the attacking fleet was able to jump beyond Ssil Vida's range, and has remained inside that universe since. It is not acceptable to leave it there any longer."`

Reviewer 3: Wait so some Korath ships were in what I'm assuming is the Weft and entered Postverta once Ssil Vida activated again?

	npc
		government "Korath"
		system "Postverta"
		personality derelict waiting
		fleet
			names "korath"
			variant
				"'olofez (Crew Destroyed)" 3
		on board
			dialog "The crew quarters lie in a disastrous state, ravaged by bite signs and bizarre slime. While the rest of the ship has held up together, there is no way to actually take control of it."
	npc disable
		government "Korath"
		system "Egeria"
		ship "Tubfalet (Crew Destroyed)" "Grak Perak"
		personality disables plunders target staying waiting
		on board
			dialog "A scan reveals that a series of increasingly large holes has replaced what used to be the crew quarters. Most of the personnel seem to have died before you arrived here, and the rest of the crew has locked themselves in the few still-airtight compartments."
		
# this is where I would put my crew damage weapon...
# If I had one!

	on complete
		payment 350000
		conversation
			`The data Taely gave you included information on who to give the crystal with the data recorded. Thanks to Ssil Vida's limited population, it only takes you a few minutes to identify her: based on your vague memories, she was likely one of the researchers you helped transport here.`

> 			`	"We appreciate your support, Captain. Postverta is for us almost a look into this region of space before it turned into the Ember Waste; we must do everything we can to keep it as pristine as it is now." While she disappears into a hallway with the crystal, a notification appears on your communicator of a deposit of <payment> under the caption "Korath Bounty." With it, a message: Taely will meet you in the local starport.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"We appreciate your support, Captain. Postverta is for us almost a look into this region of space before it turned into the Ember Waste; we must do everything we can to keep it as pristine as it is now." While she disappears into a hallway with the crystal, a notification appears on your communicator of a deposit of <payment> under the caption "Korath Bounty." With it, a message: Taely will meet you in the local spaceport.`
```

			`	"What kind of specialization?" you ask.`
			`	"We modified them to be easier to maintain, at the expense of some of their mass and structural integrity. I believe they are also going to be carrying some kind of outboard cargo - something Terns are already well capable of, but given that the specifics made it clear that our modifications should not impact that capability it is likely they have something in mind. You will have to ask Dusk for something more specific than this, however."`
			choice
				`	"Good to know."`
					accept
				`	"What is the reason behind all this secrecy?"`
			`	"Oh, do not get the wrong idea," she scrambles to clarify. "If I had asked directly, they would have certainly told me directly what they were for. The confidentiality in these messages is as much directed toward us as it is toward anyone trying to intercept them: we do not want the Korath to get too much unintended info on the programs that show the most potential." After a brief goodbye, she disappears in the crowd of her colleagues, certainly already moving onto another project.`
				accept
	on complete
		payment 1200000
		conversation

> 			`After following Dusk through the busy starport, you reach a flock of Terns flying in circles at the outskirts of the landing zone. You count six of them, none of which seems to present any distinctive feature. "After we returned from the lifeboat test, we have started preparing this small fleet to join us around Patir. We think of them as having two functions: scientific, of course, but in case of emergency, they will do their best to act as decoys to allow the Petrel to escape safely into the depth of the gas giant. As you know, this will be our first - intentional - extended expedition into that region of space, as well as the first in which we leave a second team at the laboratory.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`After following Dusk through the busy spaceport, you reach a flock of Terns flying in circles at the outskirts of the landing zone. You count six of them, none of which seems to present any distinctive feature. "After we returned from the lifeboat test, we have started preparing this small fleet to join us around Patir. We think of them as having two functions: scientific, of course, but in case of emergency, they will do their best to act as decoys to allow the Petrel to escape safely into the depth of the gas giant. As you know, this will be our first - intentional - extended expedition into that region of space, as well as the first in which we leave a second team at the laboratory.`
```

			`	"You see, this is a very-long-baseline interferometer: an antenna will be put atop our Patir outpost, and another on your ship. As you move further away their processor will compare the results of each to form an enormous, virtual telescope studying the space nearby. Nothing new, of course," she decides to clarify. "The main difference is the galaxy from where these observations are made."`
				goto choice
			label what
			`	"What you see here is a very-long-baseline interferometer: an antenna will be put atop our Patir outpost, and another on your ship. As you move further away their processor will compare the results of each to form an enormous, virtual telescope studying the space nearby.`
			`	"Nothing new, of course," she decides to clarify. "The main difference is the galaxy from where these observations are made. Maybe I will come with you to see it with my eyes at some point; for now, I am part of the ground crew here, managing its data once Patir is back and we have the first light."`
			label choice
			choice
				`	"I see."`
					goto leave
				`	"What are you hoping to find?"`

> 			`	"Well, every stellar object there is interesting in its own way. My own study is on the largest singularity we have access to, Balnii. We believe it to be a merge of two or more supermassive black holes, but it is something impossible under our laws of physics: once they reached a distance of one parsec, it would take far, far longer than the age of the universe for them to decay enough to merge.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, every stellar object there is interesting in its own way. My own study is on the largest singularity we have access to, Balnii. We believe it to be a merging of two or more supermassive black holes, but it is something impossible under our laws of physics: once they reached a distance of one parsec, it would take far, far longer than the age of the universe for them to decay enough to merge.`
```

			`	You try to contact the rest of the crew, but the communicator stays silent. Dusk has donned his suit and taken cover on the other side of the cockpit. Between the orange emergency lights, you notice a different shade of red shining over the whole room from above the console. With a quick movement, you make a leap away from your cover and get up to look at the source. A cloud of tiny, incredibly bright red particles is floating in the middle of the cockpit, slowly drifting toward the two of you.`
			choice
				`	(Run out of the cockpit.)`
					goto door
				`	(Remain still.)`
					goto still
				`	(Try using your sidearm.)`
			`	Without taking your eyes off the dust you reach for your weapon, but to your surprise, your hand cannot find anything in the holster. In the chaos of the attack, it has fallen somewhere below the console, far beyond your grasp. As the cloud keeps moving closer, you find yourself back against the wall, with little options left for you to try.`
			choice
				`	(Run out of the cockpit.)`
				`	(Remain still.)`
					goto still
			label door

> 			`	You rush to the cockpit door, but the handle won't turn; something on the other side must be blocking it. No matter how much force you push with, it remains completely stuck closed. As the dust gets closer and the red glow stronger behind your back, you make a last attempt at kicking down the door to force it open, to no avail. The door can't be opened.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You rush to the cockpit door, but the handle won't turn; something on the other side must be blocking it. No matter how much force you push with, it remains completely stuck. As the dust gets closer and the red glow stronger behind your back, you make a last attempt at kicking down the door to force it open, to no avail. The door can't be opened.`
```

				goto rope
			label what
			`	"We have some contingencies for scenarios like this one," he replies, unable to completely hide some apprehension in his gestures.`
			label rope
			`	He takes out a rope from his backpack, with a mechanical hook attached on one end. After shooting it over the edge he shows you briefly how to use it, and gestures you to follow him. The climb is very slow, careful not to damage your suit further against the walls of the cave. Suddenly, you feel a strong vibration coming from above. The hole is closing!`
			`	The rope snaps, throwing you back to the ground and breaking your helmet's lamps. You try to stand up, but you feel something holding your leg; the complete darkness prevents you from seeing, but it feels like a rocky material. You try to call the other Remnant, but there is no reply. You aren't sure whether the radio broke as well, or if something worse happened.`
			choice
				`	(Try to make a breach in the rock growth.)`
				`	(Stand still and save your oxygen.)`
					goto oxygen

> 			`	You try your best to free your leg using the tools in your backpack, with little results. Left with no other options, you even take out your sidearm and fire in the dark all the shots you can. But nothing works.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	You try your best to free your leg using the tools in your backpack, with little result. Left with no other options, you even take out your sidearm and fire into the dark all the shots you can. But nothing works.`
```

				accept

			label living
			`	"I am not sure if what we are harvesting is part of their own body, or rather if there is a clear separation between themselves and their 'systems'. For that matter, it is one of the things that we will try to find out when studying its technology. Right now, we cannot even say for certain that it is dead; perhaps it is simply in some sort of hibernation."`
				goto duh
	npc
		government "Magic Asteroid (Disabled)"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Asteroid Medium" "???"
		personality derelict waiting
	npc
		government "Ka'sei"
		personality waiting staying vindictive mining harvests
		system "Patir"
		fleet
			names "ka'sei"
			cargo 1
			variant
				"Fetri'sei" 2
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo and passenger on visit"
	on complete
		log `Visited the space beyond Patir a few times with the Remnant. They are now going to let me go in and out of it on my own.`
		log `It is not clear what the creatures in that space are, what their purpose is, or how intelligent they are.`
		conversation

> 			`You don't have time to say goodbye to the crew before a couple Remnant take you into another part of the starport, barely a meter below the ground. You spend the next hours recounting to your best abilities everything you have seen, pausing only for a few bathroom breaks and a quick meal. As time goes on, you notice they seem displeased with the lack of details you are able to give; when they eventually let you out, you can't help but feel they are not satisfied by your testimony.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`You don't have time to say goodbye to the crew before a couple Remnant take you into another part of the spaceport, barely a meter below the ground. You spend the next hours recounting to your best abilities everything you have seen, pausing only for a few bathroom breaks and a quick meal. As time goes on, you notice they seem displeased with the lack of details you are able to give; when they eventually let you out, you can't help but feel they are not satisfied by your testimony.`
```

	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic cargo on visit"
	on complete
		event "patir mystery 3 timer" 20
		conversation
			`Once again, Chilia's coordinates point you toward a half-hidden outpost in the middle of the desert. While the local crew unloads the machinery, you catch a glimpse of the floor below: dozens of workers wearing special suits, quickly moving what looks like one of the parts of the creatures beyond Patir.`
			`	This time, however, nobody tries to stop you. The opposite, in fact: when they recognize you, the workers accompany you on an hour-long tour of the structure. Walking down the floors, you pass through a dozen different rooms, half of which are dedicated to studying - and testing - the parts of the asteroid that you have recovered. In some of the rooms, giant, eerie machines are immersed into strange fogs, with only a few meters and a strongly vibrating layer of glass separating you from them.`

> 			`	Once they have emptied your payload bay, they wave goodbye as you depart for the main starport. Based on their gestures, you reckon that they don't expect this to be the last time they see you here.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`	Once they have emptied your payload bay, they wave goodbye as you depart for the main spaceport. Based on their gestures, you reckon that they don't expect this to be the last time they see you here.`
```

			distance 2723.62
			period 1372.93

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 27"
	name "Another asteroid"
	description "Board the remains of the asteroid in <origin> before the Ka'sei get to it, then take what you find to <destination>."
	source "Builder Settlement"
	destination "Caelian"
	passengers 5
	cargo "scientific payload and samples" 55
	to offer
		or
			has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 26A: done"
			has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 26B: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`The Remnant walk to your ship - late, as you are becoming accustomed to - with an excited stride. "One of those creatures was in the system when Patir moved back! We have recorded it as it turned inactive, floating around aimlessly. If you are quick enough, perhaps we can get to board it before the Ka'sei mine it. We can afford to make a stop before our return to <planet> - after all, Patir is not moving away any time soon."`
			`	He shows you a map of the system, marking the asteroid in a color blinking red and white. Two Fetri'sei are already on the way: you push the engines at the maximum power, hoping to make it in time...`
				launch
	npc board
		government "Magic Asteroid (Disabled)"
		system "Patir"

> 		ship "Asteroid Large 2" "???"

Reviewer 4: This uses differently-sized outfits than suggested in the mission. I'd change it back to the original small asteroid with the properly-sized outfits and use a different disable threshold for more health instead.

Author: Done

			choice
				`	"It is natural to feel that way."`
					goto natural
				`	"What about the work on the Peregrine?"`
			`	She smiles. "I sense a practical purpose behind your question. Unfortunately, progress has not been as fast as we hoped for. Liveships are still a very new concept for us, and to get production and training to the rates we wanted is proving complex. It will be at least a few months before you find them in our shipyards, I fear. Our security needs have to take precedence, but I will make sure to notify you as soon as they are available."`
			label natural
			`	By the time you have accompanied Taely to her workstation, the Swans are barely another point of light in the sky. "It will be just a matter of hours before the Swans are on their way back here. It should not be hard for us to meet up in the local starport hub once I am done - after all, it is still quite small."`

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 29"
	name "Korath Beyond"
	description "Find and take care of the Korath ships in the Postverta cluster (with Ssil Vida active) so that they do not cause further damage."
	source "Ssil Vida"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 28: done"
	on offer

> 		event "remnant: ssil vida activation patir 3"

Reviewer 4: ```
		event "remnant: ssil vida activation patir 3"
```
The Ssil Vida missions (Cognizance 36 & 37) aren't being stoped from being offered and turning on/off the environment around Ssil Vida, so you have the possibility of running into janky scenarios where you can shut it off early.

Author: To avoid any recurrence of this issue, I have:
- moved the Tubfalet hunt condition a mission earlier
- made the event happen in 0 days
- made it so the condition also disables the activation mission (on top of the deactivation one)
- moved the switch to the new jobs at the beginning of Patir 3, when Ssil Vida itself first becomes remnantified

			`	"What you do not know, however, is our objective. After our findings, the prefects have at last approved a direct exploration of the planetoid in Lathia - if it is indeed sapient, and if we succeed in communicating with it, this would be our first true contact with the asteroid-like species inhabiting that region.`
			`	"All of which means a very heavy payload, unfortunately." He scribbles something on his datapad, then reads from it. "Our expedition is going to need... at least 110 tons of equipment, including some allowance for samples of that planetoid. Along with this, the team in Patir will need another 105 tons of scientific payload, some of which to be mounted on the Builder settlement. To top it all, we need to carry our four Terns before we can begin. We will take care of the drones and the Patir-based machinery on one of our Swans, which leaves around 130 tons for you to take."`
			choice
				`	"What does the exploration entail?"`
					goto exploration

> 				`	"That is a lot of cargo."`

Reviewer 4: Now we have the talk about the Swan coming with us. But how!?! I thought the Remnant needed you this whole time!

Come on man, this is the *best* time to talk about them using a JD! I'd straight up add a third choice asking, "Wait, one of the Swans are coming?" and then a label talking more about the clearance for JD usage, what that means to the Remnant (as it's a huge implication), etc..

It'd also probably be best to move it into the labels in a way that makes it always something the player reads regardless of their choice. This is huge for the Remnant, play it up!

Author: Added a Swan option and expanded upon the JD inside `label end`, which all choices eventually reach

				goto end
			label exploration
			`	"It depends on what we see there," he replies stoically. "We are going to try to communicate through every medium we have available before approaching; if that fails, we may proceed with a brief EVA on the surface to find something to work on." He hands you a credit chip. "We have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after, given these needs. It contains <payment> credits.`
			label end
			`	"We do not get a chance for a proper first contact often - most of our exploration of the galaxy has been strictly from orbit, far from any living being and safely hidden behind an active cloak. Given the circumstances, I was able to convince the Prefects of the tremendous potential such an encounter could have, if it were to go as we hope." He smiles. "And I trust that you are going to do everything in your power to make it so, just like us.`
			`	"Give us a call when you are ready, Captain, and you will find us all here - a crew of 5 for the Lathia mission, and 5 more staying in Patir - together with the mission payload."`

> mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32"

Reviewer 4: Now that a very special JD Swan is coming with us, I'd definitely put some dialog in the last parts before accepting the mission saying something along the lines of, "I needn't tell you to see that the Swan jumps with you" "make sure you jump with the swan", "don't leave the swan behind", etc., similar to the dialog change from earlier talking about the escort.

				accept
	on accept
		event "Patir moves" 6
		event "Patir returns" 20
	on visit
		dialog "You've arrived at <planet>, but either your escort, your passengers or your cargo are not with you!"
	npc save
		government "Remnant"
		ship "Swan (Jump)" "Serene Pillar Lost"
		ship "Tern" "Great Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Low Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Dusky Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Far Sky Dancing"
		personality escort launching unconstrained

ship "Swan" "Swan (Jump)"
	outfits
		"Inhibitor Cannon" 2
		"Teciimach Bay"
		"Inhibitor Turret" 3
		"Point Defense Turret" 2
		"Teciimach Canister" 9

		"Aeon Cell"
		"Epoch Cell"
		"Crystal Capacitor"
		"Jump Drive"
		"Quantum Key Stone"
		"Thermoelectric Cooler"

		"Smelter-Class Thruster"
		"Smelter-Class Steering"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32 - Patir fleet"
	invisible
	landing
	source "Builder Settlement"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 32: done"
	to complete
		never
	npc
		government "Remnant"
		system "Patir"
		ship "Tern" "Great Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Low Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Dusky Sky Dancing"
		ship "Tern" "Far Sky Dancing"
		personality mining harvests plunders swarming

> mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 33"

Reviewer 4: ~~I think something with this mission broke with recent changes, because there is no asteroid in Lathia anymore. I didn't notice at first, because I landed back on the Builder Settlement and it was triggering the `on complete` dialog there, which felt odd. Then, when I went to check Lathia, I got the `on enter` dialog, but alas, no Magic Asteroid Planet.~~

I'm guessing this was due to Patir 2 not being completed on this save, if I change the conditions of 12.1A to `done` as mentioned in the PR. I **strongly** recommend checking out what all that does/what happens with your "other route", because as things stand, that change is breaking several major things in my playthrough of it.

Edit:  Checking the save, it seems you have done earlier Patir mysteries. I'm not exactly sure why the asteroid didn't show up yet.

Author: Should be fixed with the addition of the landable Asteroid Planet to the *other* Chanai path I had forgot

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 28"
	name "Tanker fleet"
	description "Escort the Swan fleet to <destination> for fit checks."
	source "Caelian"
	destination "Ssil Vida"
	passengers 1
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 27: done"
	on offer
		payment 850000
		conversation
			`You find Dusk alone, sipping from a short, colorful glass, lost in his thoughts. "<first>, the review is going to take a while still. Given the wealth of data we have gathered, and that most of the crew by necessity do not have symbionts, we have agreed to split the analysis over a few days. A week, perhaps." He looks at his clock, then checks his communicator for any message. "Do not worry, though: I am not going to leave you without work during this wait."`
			choice
				`	"What in particular would you like me to do?"`
					goto someone
				`	"Are you waiting for someone?"`
					goto someone
				`	"Actually, I have other commitments right now."`

> 			`	He looks surprised, though he tries to hide it. "Oh. Is there any chance you might delay them? We have a fairly important job here, and your help have been invaluable during our past expeditions." He makes some mental calculations. "Judging by on our plans, you might be free to go your own way in a little over a month."`

Reviewer: Not a comprehensive review but I did see this
```suggestion
			`	He looks surprised, though he tries to hide it. "Oh. Is there any chance you might delay them? We have a fairly important job here, and your help has been invaluable during our past expeditions." He makes some mental calculations. "Judging by on our plans, you might be free to go your own way in a little over a month."`
```

			`	"All of which means a very heavy payload, unfortunately." He scribbles something on his datapad, then reads from it. "Our expedition is going to need... at least 110 tons of equipment, including some allowance for samples of that planetoid. Along with this, the team in Patir will need another 105 tons of scientific payload, some of which to be mounted on the Builder settlement. To top it all, we need to carry our four Terns before we can begin. We will take care of the drones and the Patir-based machinery on one of our Swans, which leaves around 130 tons for you to take."`
			choice
				`	"Wait, a Swan is coming with us?"`
					goto swan
				`	"What does the exploration entail?"`
					goto exploration
				`	"That is a lot of cargo."`
			`	"Look on the bright side: at least we do not need to carry it cloaked," he quips. "Yes, it certainly is. During that time, your ship is going to temporarily become one of our most capable research vehicles, at least on the side of planetary science." He hands you a credit chip. "We have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after. It contains <payment>.`
				goto end
			label swan

> 			`	"It was another special allocation to our project," he replies. "One that we have to return at the end of this mission, and which will not follow us beyond Patir. I imagine that fleet movements in the Milky Way is going to be complicated enough already." He hands you a credit chip. "Partly because of this, we have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after. It contains <payment> credits.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"It was another special allocation to our project," he replies. "One that we have to return at the end of this mission, and which will not follow us beyond Patir. I imagine that fleet movements in the Milky Way are going to be complicated enough already." He hands you a credit chip. "Partly because of this, we have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after. It contains <payment> credits.`
```
Going to be? As a result of reallocating their JD to this project?

Or that they're already complicated as-is, which is why they can only offer this one?

Author: I was meaning in relation to the "will not follow us beyond Patir"

			`	"Now, this is not exactly unique to that region of space. We have had some rare occurrences in our own Milky Way, which in the end were explained by another black hole entering the picture and pushing them together. It is possible this is true for Balnii as well, but we must know more in order to verify it."`
			label leave
			`	Soon enough, she shuts down her terminal and gives the okay to the rest of the team. She stands aside as the spaceport workers close out the payload bay once again, and the crew of ten climbs aboard into their own crew quarters. "You know, <first>," she signs at last, "How is it to stay in Patir when it moves between our galaxies?"`
			choice
				`	"It makes for a nice light show."`
				`	"It is like watching a strange dance, with each star knowing its exact role."`
				`	"Not too unlike a hyperjump, I guess."`
				`	"When it happens, you cannot help but stare at it until it is over."`

> 			`	She smiles. "May the Embers bring you fortune, Captain." Once the Swan gives you a sign, you join the rest of the crew and prepare for liftoff. You glance over the cockpit board: as Taely promised, the crystal she gave you has turned into a dim yellow, eerily shining over the controls all around it.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	She smiles. "May the Embers bring you fortune, Captain."`
`			Once the Swan is ready for departure, you join the rest of the crew and prepare for liftoff. You glance over the cockpit board: as Taely promised, the crystal she gave you has turned into a dim yellow, eerily shining over the controls all around it.`
```
I think this is too generic. The Swan gives us a sign? That could mean a ton of different things. Maybe something more like this?

I also think indenting this and separating her last, sincere phrase for dramatic effect can be good. (I'd recommend doing it locally since making indents in the files is different than on Github.)

Author: Added manually

			`	"All of which means a very heavy payload, unfortunately." He scribbles something on his datapad, then reads from it. "Our expedition is going to need... at least 110 tons of equipment, including some allowance for samples of that planetoid. Along with this, the team in Patir will need another 105 tons of scientific payload, some of which to be mounted on the Builder settlement. To top it all, we need to carry our four Terns before we can begin. We will take care of the drones and the Patir-based machinery on one of our Swans, which leaves around 130 tons for you to take."`
			choice
				`	"Wait, a Swan is coming with us?"`
					goto swan
				`	"What does the exploration entail?"`
					goto exploration
				`	"That is a lot of cargo."`
			`	"Look on the bright side: at least we do not need to carry it cloaked," he quips. "Yes, it certainly is. During that time, your ship is going to temporarily become one of our most capable research vehicles, at least on the side of planetary science." He hands you a credit chip. "We have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after. It contains <payment>.`
				goto end
			label swan

> 			`	"It was another special allocation to our project," he replies. "One that we have to return at the end of this mission, and which will not follow us beyond Patir. I imagine that fleet movements in the Milky Way are going to be complicated enough already." He hands you a credit chip. "Partly because of this, we have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after. It contains <payment> credits.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	"It was another special allocation to our project," he replies. "One that we have to return at the end of this mission, and which will not follow us beyond Patir. I imagine that fleet movements in the Milky Way are complicated enough as is." He hands you a credit chip. "Partly because of this, we have decided to give you the payment before the mission, rather than after. It contains <payment> credits.`
```
I'd then further suggest something like this. You're talking about the fleets' current complications, not future ones. (I don't know if you hyphen as is or not, maybe check if somewhere else that phrasing is in Remnant content.)

		event "Patir returns" 20

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 39B"
	repeat
	entering
	deadline 14
	name "Patir Returns"
	description "Patir will move back to the Milky Way on <date>, with or without you."
	source
		system "Patir"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 39A: active"
		not "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 39B: active"
	to complete
		not "ka'het: beyond Patir"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery Safety Net Early"
	repeat
	landing
	deadline 9
	name "Safety Net"
	description "Patir will move back to the Milky Way on <date>, after having appeared here 3 days earlier."
	source "Chanai Structure"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 21: failed"
		not "ka'het: beyond Patir"
		not "Ka'het: Patir Mystery Safety Net Early: active"
		not "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 25: offered"
	on offer
		event "Patir moves" 6
		event "Patir returns" 9
		conversation
			`The unthinkable has happened: Patir has moved back, but without you! Trying to keep your calm, you check out the flight plans. It seems that for cases like this, Ssil Vida will send Patir back here for a 3-day stay as soon as they see you are not there, eventually returning to the Milky Way on <date>.`

> 			`	Though you should be able to return, the Remnant will stop relying on you to explore Patir after this detour.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Though you should be able to return, you have failed an essential Remnant mission. If you wish to continue Patir content, you may wish to reload.`
```

				accept
	to complete
		not "ka'het: beyond Patir"

mission "Ka'het: Patir Mystery Safety Net Dusk"
	repeat
	landing
	deadline 9
	name "Safety Net"
	description "Patir will move back to the Milky Way on <date>, after having appeared here 3 days earlier."
	passengers 5
	cargo "scientific payload and samples" 135
	source "Chanai Structure"
	destination "Builder Settlement"
	to offer
		has "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 25: offered"
		not "ka'het: beyond Patir"
		not "Ka'het: Patir Mystery 35: done"
		not "Ka'het: Patir Mystery Safety Net Dusk: active"
	on offer
		event "Patir moves" 6
		event "Patir returns" 9
		conversation
			`The unthinkable has happened: Patir has moved back, but without you! The Remnant crew, clearly disappointed, illustrate you the flight plan. It seems that for cases like this, Ssil Vida will send Patir back here for a 3-day stay as soon as they see you are not there, eventually returning to the Milky Way on <date>.`

> 			`	Though you should be able to return, the Remnant will stop relying on you to explore Patir after this detour.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	Though you should be able to return, you have failed an essential Remnant mission. If you wish to continue Patir content, you may wish to reload.`
```
